PayPal Export to GnuCash Import
==============================

What Is This?
-------------

This is a simple python script that will convert PayPal transaction export files in CSV format to a GnuCash importable
CSV file.  


How To Use This
---------------

1. Open GnuCash
2. Open your PayPal asset Account
3. Note the Last entry's date and time
4. Login to Paypal
5. Navigate to Activity -> All Reports -> Activity Download
6. Change the Date to Custom, using the date you noted from GnuCash
7. Leave Format as CSV
8. Click "Create Report"
9. PayPal will take 1-3 minutes to generate the report
10. Once the progress has changed to "Download", click Download.
11. Save the report to the same folder as the python script
12. Run the script using the date and time of the last entry you noted from GnuCash. Example:  
    1. python3 paypalscript.py -i "Paypal Export.CSV" -d "4/5/2022 5:25:00"
13. In GnuCash, select File -> Import -> Import Transactions from CSV...
14. Select Next
15. Select the output file generated by the script
    1. Example:  Output.csv
16. In the "Account" box, select your GnuCash PayPal asset account
17. Change Date Format to m-d-y
18. Change Currency Format to 'Period'
19. Set "Leading Lines to Skip" to 1
20. You will see the data you are importing in a table below. Note that the column header should be in strike-out.
    1. Change the Date to "Date"
    2. Ignore the Time column
    3. Change the Name column to "Transfer Account"
    4. Change the Amount column to "Deposit"
    5. Change the Description column to "Description"
21. (Optional, Recommended) In the upper right hand of the page, populate "Load and Save Settings" with a name, and click Save Settings icon
22. Click Next
23. Map each Account ID to an Account Name
    1. This step can be time-consuming, but GnuCash will remember the mapping for the next time you run the import
24. Click Next

Known Issues
-----------
After the last step, some mappings may come back colored red.  So far accepting them has not resulted in errors, but GnuCash
is not forthcoming on why the mappings are colored red.

Development
-----------

If you want to work on this application we’d love your pull requests and tickets on GitHub!

1. If you open up a ticket, please make sure it describes the problem or feature request fully.

Making Requests
---------------

You can make requests by opening issues at https://github.com/makerslocal/paypalToGnuCashImport/issues